Added getting started section (#49)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: README.md

> :bulb: The defaults can be found in [Vagrantfile.default](Vagrantfile.default).

## Usage

### Getting started

> There are two "Gettinng started" guides:
> 1. [`getting_started_vagrantbox.md`](getting_started_vagrantbox.md), that will guide you through how to use the vagrantbox, geared towards those using the box to develop terraform modules.
>  `getting_started.md` that will guide you through creating your first terraform module using this template. If you don't know where to start, start there!
> 1. [`getting_started_modules.md`](getting_started_modules.md), that will guide you through how to create a terraform module with this template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two "Getting started" guides:
1. [`getting_started_modules.md`](getting_started_modules.md), will guide you through how to create a terraform module with this template.
2. [`getting_started_vagrantbox.md`](getting_started_vagrantbox.md), will guide you through how to use the vagrantbox, geared towards those using the box to develop terraform modules.
```
